Use `--pretty-json` for `cmdlineTests.sh` output by default (#13586)
ethereum/solidity: ReviewChecklist.md

    - [ ] Avoid basing PRs from forks on branches other than `develop` or `breaking` because
        GitHub closes them when the base branch gets merged.
        Do this only for PRs created directly in the main repo.

> - [ ] **Make sure your code does not break CI test run** so the output of tests match expected output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] **Does the PR update test expectations to match the modified code?** If not, your PR will not pass some of the `_soltest_`,  jobs in CI.
    In many cases the expectations can be updated automatically:
    - `cmdlineTests.sh --update` for command-line tests.
    - `isoltest --enforce-gas-cost --accept-updates` for soltest-based tests.
        - If your PR affects gas costs, an extra run of `isoltest --enforce-gas-cost --optimize --accept-updates` is needed to update gas expectations with optimizer enabled.
    - Review updated files before committing them.
        **Are expectations correct and do updated tests still serve their purpose?**
```

- [ ] **Do not include version pragma and the SPDX comment in semantic and syntax test cases**.
    In other test types include them if necessary to suppress warnings.
- [ ] **If you have to use a version pragma, avoid hard-coding version.** Use `pragma solidity *`.

> - [ ] **Add expected output in the prettified json format** with `indent 4`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] **Run the script `cmdlineTests.sh` with `--update` option** in order to format and prettify JSON output.
```
I think we could actually suggest that `cmdlineTests.sh` should be run with the `--update` option in order to get the output prettified.

Author: Do you mean if a developer writes tests he should prettify the output by running it? I think it makes sense. Will update, thanks!

Reviewer: I don't think we really need this on the review checklist. It's implied that you're expected to update expectations to match your code changes (either manually or by running `cmdlineTests.sh --update` or `isoltest --accept-updates`) and CI will fail if you don't so the reviewer does not have to explicitly pay attention to this.

If anything, a better place would be under "Before You Submit a PR" (and then it should be about updating expectations in general, not only prettifying CLI test output).
